# Being yourself
This is a powerful feeling. Having 400mg of caffeine and being insanely productive is one of the most life-affirming experience. What is it that humans are supposed to do, days in, days out, in order to remain conscious and human? I believe it's working toward your goal. Seeing yourself inching toward your goal is the ultimate aphrodisiac. It's self-actualization in Glawlow's pyramid of needs.

It's not where you are that matters. It's where you are headed to. May be life is pre-determined and suffering is the price we pay for our existence. If so then pick your suffering. Suffer for the right cause. Suffer for the right people. For the right relationships. Suffer so that your fucked up family can breathe easier. Suffer so that your brother can achieve his higher needs. There is no point in remaining stagnant apart from being the path with least resistance. The path of seemingly easy life is the most tormented path. In order to live an easy life you have to abandon your authentic self for popular's beliefs of what is easy. 

Having failing relationships is not easy. Struggling to hold your family together is. But easiness rewards you poorly. It compounds against you. Every bad decisions you make birth worse decisions. They are called downward cycle. The cynical trap. The viscious cycle. Hell. Descendent from reality. It's there to promise you an easy life and bring death to life. Living a life of no struggle is wasting a life full of human experience. If you are lucky enough to not have your mind blown to pieces by the cartel for being in the wrong place at the wrong time, you have the best card ever dealt in human history. That goes with being Jews during the Nazi regime. A Uighur in China. A black in modern-age America. Starting point severely disadvantageous. You get the point.

Depression is realizing you are not living the life you want. Whatever they are called. 