# Habit
[[time-management]]
[[deep-work]]
Habits are the compount interest of self-improvement. It's the accumulation of many missteps - a 1 percent decline here and there that eventually leads to a problem. 

Your outcomes are a lagging measure of your habits. Your net worth is a lagging measure of your financial habits. Your weight is a lagging measure of your eating habits. Your knowledge is a lagging measure of your learning habits. Your clutter is a lagging measure of your clenaing habits. s

Your identity emerges out of your habits. You are not born with preset beliefs. Every belief is learned and conditioned through experience. Your habits are how you embody your identity. 

Whatever your identity is right now, you only beleive it because you have proof of it.

Your habits are not the only actions that influence your identity. The process of building habits is the process of becoming yourself. This is a gradual evolution.

Each habit is like a suggestion. If you finish a book, then you are the type of person who likes reading.

The same applies for bad habits too. Every time you choose to perform a bad habit, it's a vote for that identity. New identities require new evidence. If you keep casting the same votes you always cast, you'll get the same results you've always had.

Behaviors followed by satisfying consequences tend to be repeated and those that produce unpleasant consequences are less likely to be repeated. 

# Why your brains build habits
Habits are reliable solutions to recurring problems in our environment. They are mental shortcuts learned from experience. It is just a memory of the steps you followed to solve a problem in the past. If you're always being forced to make decisions about simple tasks, then you have less time for freedom. It's by making the fundamentals of life easier that you can create the mental space needed for freethinking and creativity.

## associating environment with habits
only go to bed to sleep. 

Avoid mixing habits. When you start mixing contexts, you'll get mixed habits, and the easier ones will win out. 

Habits thrive under predictable circumstances. 

Instead of summoning a new dose of willpower when you want to do the right thing, your energy would be better spent optimizing your environment.

Peopple with high self-control tend to spend less time in tempting situations. 
[[habits-exercise]]

Your brain has far more neural circuitry for wanting rewards than for liking them. 

## Habit bundling
1. After [current habit], i will [habit i need]
2. after [habit i need], i will [habit i want]

## tribe
when changing your habits means challenging the tribe, change is unattractive. when changing your habits means fitting in with the tribe, change is very attractive

High-status people enjoy the approval, respect, and praise of others. 

The culture we live in determines which behaviors are attractive to us. 
We tend to adopt habits that are praised and approved of by our culture because we have a strong desire to fit in and belong to the tribe. 
Join a culture where (1) your desired behavior is the normal behavior and (2) you already have something in common with the group. 
If a behavior can get us approval, respect, and praise, we find it attractive. 



[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[time-management]: time-management.md "Time management"
[deep-work]: deep-work.md "Deep work"
[habits-exercise]: habits-exercise.md "Habits Exercise"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"