# Mindset
[[think-and-grow-rich]]
[[what-is-a-man]]
[[A-guide-to-the-good-life]]
[[meditations]]
[[advice-for-young-people]]
[[key-to-longterm-productivity]]
[[so-good-they-cant-ignore-you]]
[[bronze-age-mindset]]
[[radiant-selftalk]]
[[increase-motivation]]
[[antifragile]]
[[happiness]]
[[how-to-be-miserable]]
[[relationsh]]
There is only one way to succeed and that is to improve myself. Is this true or false?

1. Successful people know and accept themselves
2. Set goals congruent with their personality, values, interests, strengths,skills, mission and purpose. 
3. Know they have much more control over the trajectory of their lives than others realize. 
4. Accept that they will go through tough times

> There is an Aristocracy. But it is not an aristocracy of genetics; it is an aristocracy of WILL and PASSION. 

>Successful people do whatever it takes to get the job done, whether or not they feel like it. r
## In my 20s 
1
1. Focus on earning
2. Multiple streams of income.
3. Save to invest
4. Show up
5. Change your mindset about money 
6. Start hanging out with people you admire
7. Aim high
8. Set goals and visualize achieving them

Belief + Competence = Authority

When someone gives you time, that's extremely valuable.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[think-and-grow-rich]: think-and-grow-rich.md "Think and Grow Rich"
[what-is-a-man]: what-is-a-man.md "What Is a Man"
[A-guide-to-the-good-life]: A-guide-to-the-good-life.md "A guide to the good life"
[meditations]: meditations.md "Meditations"
[advice-for-young-people]: advice-for-young-people.md "Advice for young people"
[key-to-longterm-productivity]: key-to-longterm-productivity.md "Productivity"
[so-good-they-cant-ignore-you]: so-good-they-cant-ignore-you.md "So good they can't ignore you"
[bronze-age-mindset]: bronze-age-mindset.md "Bronze Age Mindset"
[radiant-selftalk]: radiant-selftalk.md "Radiant selftalk"
[increase-motivation]: increase-motivation.md "How to increase Motivation & Drive"
[antifragile]: antifragile.md "Antifragile"
[happiness]: happiness.md "Happiness"
[how-to-be-miserable]: how-to-be-miserable.md "How to be miserable"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"