# Payment
[[payment-options]]
Range from $500/pm to $2500/pm flat fee

## Pricing formula
### Price your paid traffic
Lifetime value is determined by [[niche]] research.

Do your research on the niche.
$$\text{Lifetime Profit Value}= {{\text{Annual profit}}_{\text{each customer}}* \text{how many years they stay with the business} }$$
Your service fee = (Lifetime profit value / 2) + adspend
### The conversion formula
You cannot sell on customers. You can only sell on leads. Make sure that realistically you can bring your customers profits. 

x2 ROI because there are other benefits that you can't track (word of mouth, reputation)

### Pricing for social media
Content is an added extra to help shape their brand and give them more freedom to build their image.
>I'm building your fanbase. Anytime we run an ad in the future. We own that traffic
Followers are only numbers
3 types of traffic: 
1. traffic that you don't control


#### Opportunity Cost
You can't avoid social media. You'll be left behind if you don't do it.
What's the monetary opportunity cost if you don't do social media management?
## Performance fee
Can charge 

>Every recall is a reframe
Every time a client makes a payment they reframe it. => automate to limit their thought to the process
Must have: automated payments

## Initiation meeting
- social media details

- card on file (invoice)
- card on file (paid traffic)

###  Onboarding
[[onboarding]]
Take someone from a prospect to a client

Getting contracts signed & payment made

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[payment-options]: payment-options.md "Payment Options"
[niche]: niche.md "Niche"
[onboarding]: onboarding.md "Onboarding"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"