# Sales
## Zig Ziglar
## Outreach
Sell the meeting. You can buy quality leads. Must include 1 relevant case study.

Don't include links. 

Don't use trigger words. 
> marketing agency
> take your business to new heights
> 10x your growth

Use CTA in 
### method
depends on the niche => research niche for 10 hours, understand the pain points

Email: copywriting is literally

master a method of outreach

Don't state your price until the end of your call.

## 
use pre-qualifying questions

keep small talk to a minimum  

set the frame by saying

> this is how I usually conduct my calls

### current situation
how much are you making a month

Silence in sales means that you are comfortable.

### Lead generation market
A free pdf for niche-related interests.

### The sale
> Take a look where you're currently at. Point A and Point B and I'm the bridge.

Future pacing. Convince them they're missing out by not choosing you. 
### Mention case studies
Help your clients understand the market (what their competitors are doing, estimated ROI from their adspend and how they could get more end customers) with the [[tools]].
Use authority hijacking from [[reputation]]

# Cold calling
Expect a lot of rejections. It's gonna hurt. Conviction > competence. Belief is everything you need to sell. 

Start practicing. 

## 
Realistic beginner number of sales: 1/100.

## Script
[[script]]

## Follow up
Don't be too pushy or too distanced. 

Maybe follow up with DMs. The person who's willing to walk away always win.



[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[tools]: tools.md "Tools"
[reputation]: reputation.md "Reputation"
[script]: script.md "Script"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"