# Self help
1. Everything you do now is the last thing you ever do. 
2. Physical perfection cannot be compromised. I'd rather die before go on living without lifting. 
3. You desires and cravings have minds of their own and will do anything to survive, even pretending to be you. Don't fall for their tricks. 

 > Man I feel this part deeply. My porn addiction is severe and it really is killing my potential. I need help. I need to break free from this jail. I need to live. Yesterday Jan 28th 2020 I masturbated 5 times in a row from 1a.m to 5 a.m to weird fetish shit. I'm very ashamed of myself and my inability to control my urge this is literally not okay. 
4. Meditate every day. 
5. Go for a walk every day. 
6. Be your own master by begin cutting things out that cause cravings or are unhealthy. Today I spent 6 hours on reading stupid news and wasting time on useless stuff. If I keep doing this I'll end up despising myself and by doing that I'd create hell on earth for me and people around me. 
7. Sleep at least 7 hours a night. Go to bed and wake up at the same times every day if possible. 
8. Keep a journal to track your progress. 
Write down your thoughts. Write down what you're grateful for. Write objectively. Freely. Unhinged. True to yourself. 
9. Clean my room. Today I'll finish decorating my room by putting on a blind, cleaning up my closet and either put on tapestry or whatever. Don't get sucked into capitalism bullshit though. 
10. Only cold shower. 
11. Limit electronic use. 
12. Don't get too hung up on girls
13. Cpnsume only media that inspires me to be a better person. 
14. Literally be aware of time.

# Discipline 
Discipline is not something you have by nature. It is another muscle that can and should be trained. 

## Train it 
Take one aspect of my life that I want to improve on. Study hard. Lift weight. Read and digest knowledge in a productive way. 

People have a habit of sticking to their daily routines. Whatever I decide to improve upon, when I do it I have to go at it as hard as I possibly could. 

The real danger is that I start making so much progress that I can't give up. I'll push myself further and further to reach my goals. 

This, according to some guy on the internet, will trigger my brain's defense mechanism. It will see this area of improvement something dangerous and triggers a fear-based response. 

When you start feeling generally tired, take a few days off. Then go back at it as hard as you possibly can, this time with a longer stretch. 
[[lift]]

[[food]]

[[people]]

[[habit]]

[[consciousness]]

Getting laid makes you look and feel better, which gets you laid > repeat. 

[[sleep]]

Visualize yourself 

[[mindset]]

[[porn]]

[[Social]]: 
Put a great effort into meeting people and creating bonds with neighbors, college friends. Dress well; be polite; have good hygiene, clean haircuts, well-trimmed or shaved beards; speak clearly, calmly and firmly. 

Aim for jobs that that make it possible to change your environment, even if in a small scale. 
[[charisma]] 

[[life-design]]

Strength:
Be disgusted by weaknesses. Be the father to your children that you always longed for. Do not fetishize. Love deeply enough to experience hate. Be extreme with your moderation in all things. 

Pain is the penultimate didact, embrace it with stoicism. It is the furnce of the forge. 

Give your best effort in everything no matter how menial the task. 

[[personal_finance]]

[[reasons-to-quit-social-media]]

[[daily-reflection]]

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[lift]: Lift.md "Lift"
[food]: food.md "Food"
[people]: people.md "People"
[habit]: habit.md "Habit"
[consciousness]: consciousness.md "Consciousness"
[sleep]: sleep.md "Sleep"
[mindset]: mindset.md "Mindset"
[porn]: porn.md "Porn"
[Social]: social.md "Social"
[charisma]: Charisma.md "Charisma"
[life-design]: life-design.md "Life Design"
[personal_finance]: personal_finance.md "Personal Finance"
[reasons-to-quit-social-media]: reasons-to-quit-social-media.md "Reasons to Quit Social Media"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"