# SMAA
[[psychology]]1
[[offer]]
[[casestudy-funnel]]
[[payment]]
[[customer]]
[[marketing]]
[[sales]]
[[tools]]
[[script]]
[[team]]
[[niche]]
[[action-step]]
[[delivering-result]]
[[reputation]]
[[pitfalls]]
[[beginner-mistake]]

## Getting started

## what the fuck is this about

Pick a niche and automate the process. 

Foundation.

Getting start is the hardest part. 

The best agency is the simplest. 

## Marketing 
## what is needed
an email account.
a social media account.
a sell script. 

## Core business
My customer would be businesses that need an effective online presence (online presence that would bring them more customers)

The steps that this guy Iman Gadhzhi took was: getting paid upfront then use the money to hire contractors to do the ad agency. 
Never offer free trial.

Run ads for clients without making it look like ads. Strong call to action.
## Streamline the process
Selling the meeting, not the service.
People don't buy only because you give them good information. They buy also because they like who you are.


## Todo
Register a domain. 

This step is about solving their problems. What I essentially do is 
Look up contractors.
- 
Pick a strategy to penetrate a niche fast (decisive result on whether it's profitable + worth pursuing)
Multiple bank accounts (ask mự for this)
- HSBC
- Viettinbank
- vietcombank

Sales

### Workflow
Someone book a call with me. I will talk to them about their problems and sell my consultant service. 


## Tools
Email tools.
Calendly.
1
## Lead source
People who you can contact and provide them with your services.
Should hire one sourcer asap. Train high  

### Train lead sources?
Explain to your sources what you do 
Set proper expectations and proper.

Might hire lead sourcing agency.
### Vocab
CRM: Customer relationship management
Everybody is 

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[psychology]: psychology.md "Psychology"
[offer]: offer.md "The offer"
[casestudy-funnel]: casestudy-funnel.md "Spend money funnel"
[payment]: payment.md "Payment"
[customer]: customer.md "Customer"
[marketing]: marketing.md "Marketing"
[sales]: sales.md "Sales"
[tools]: tools.md "Tools"
[script]: script.md "Script"
[team]: team.md "Team"
[niche]: niche.md "Niche"
[action-step]: action-step.md "Action Step"
[delivering-result]: delivering-result.md "Delivering result"
[reputation]: reputation.md "Reputation"
[pitfalls]: pitfalls.md "Pitfalls and how not to fail"
[beginner-mistake]: beginner-mistake.md "Beginner's mistakes"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"